okay
sexy thoughts we free waffles
did i just say that out loud what sorry
just a second that was what i forgot at
the store i couldn't remember all day
i'm ready now i don't think you are
just admit you're not into sex it's kind
of like you're pornophobic
try saying something racy you need to
decide
it's me or the porn
[Music]
i want your hot throbbing
you're right love just coming to check
to make sure everything's fine
what what no no no i'm just medicating
meditating
hello wait why do you look so good i met
someone
so i made a sex to-do list
best breakup ever
oh quick question for you do you do
pilates or
oh wow do you know what you really have
turned over a new leaf
get a don't you dance he's a little bit
out of my league you're just afraid to
get back on the horse
it's like riding a bike or maybe a pogo
stick
[Music]
it's like one ghost and you're my
patrick swayze
okay tell me everything i need to know
about you sure you want to know
yeah you're right it could be the end of
something good before it even starts
oh it could be the start of something
good that doesn't happen
that is corny
i just want to find out if this works
actually sir
i've got it on right now what do you
mean you're wearing it now
ah loose i don't think you put erection
cream on your lips